Describe what type of product will you be making?d
 We will be creating a website and app that cuts out the middleman when investing into businesses’. Businesses will be able to create profiles, where they can upload their reasons on why people should invest. When the everyday person decides that they want to learn more about getting into Stocks, they can visit our website & app to do so. Some of the functionalities include people being able to search for companies based on filters, getting daily notifications of the stock market, and using a Investment Estimation Calculator. After someone has found a company, they are able to look at their profile and click that they wish to invest. For every investment made through our site, we will recieve 20%. The Investment Estimation Calculator will help people to estimate how far their $1 investment will go. 
Functionality Oriented
Name: Invest Now
Product(Website) Objectives (5 points)
What do you want to get out of the site 
This site will allow the everyday person to invest in businesses with a click of a button.
What’s is your motivation 
Our motivation is that the idea of putting ‘shares’ into a company is foreign to the everyday person because they don’t understand the process. Therefore, with this product we will able to cut out 
What’s the purpose?
The purpose is to allow businesses and everyday people to gain from the shared experience of investing in Stocks.
User Needs 
Who is your intended audience?
Our Intended audience is the common worker (16+) who wants to get into the market. 
What do they need from a website?
Our users need to be able to learn the basic fundamentals of the market and different ways to invest (IRA, stock mutuals, individual stocks). They also will need to know how to read Stock Market Indices such as nasdaq. Last, our user needs a way to build a relationship with companies they are investing in. 
Why do they this website?
It is expected from everyone to be apart of the growing economy in anyway they can, but only 48% of the american population have a presence in the market. (Site). There are several factors why the other 52% is not investing such as not knowing where to start, the fear of being scammed,  and not fully aware of the potential success that can be obtain and the importance of the investing. Our product will give a platform designed specifically for that 52%. 
Create and discuss success metrics that you plan to implement (5 points)
The primary success metrics that we plan to implement is measurement of monthly users (both businesses and consumers) and the number of stock we are able to sell per user. This will be done by tracking the amount of active users go on the website and app to purchase stock monthly. Non-active users (users that have an account but no purchased stock) will not be accounted for in this measure. For business users, the number of businesses that use the site will contribute to the success metrics.
Create 2 Personas that fit your intended users (5 points)
Roxy (43), a working mother of three, spends the majority of her time either at work or raising her children. She hasn’t had extensive training using a computer and doesn’t spend much time on her phone. She is interested in investing on the go because she is worried about her lack of retirement savings. She has a basic understanding of the finance world and is looking to gain knowledge of it within the time her busy schedule permits. 
Johnny (16), is a high school student who just finished an introductory finance class. He has experience using modern technology proficiently and spends a lot of time on his phone. He is looking for a simple, informational, and aesthetically pleasing website to use when investing; less words, more pictures.
